hello everyone it's elena and i'm back
with another video and today i wanted to
show you guys my evening routine during
the winter break
i still have some studying to do during
the winter break mainly revising but i
am doing a bit less than i would do
during the term time simply because it
is meant to be a break after all
i am currently revising public law and
whenever i make my revision notes i get
out my ipad and i make them in good
notes
as you can see i use the squared paper
but i will later on change the template
to blank once i'm done writing because i
think that looks a lot nicer but it's
very hard to write on that
so i use the squared ones for writing
but then i change it and this is what it
looks like once it's done
i try to make my notes somewhat
aesthetically pleasing so i'm more
motivated to look at them
if you guys want to know how i make
these notes i have a tutorial for that
on my channel and i'm going to link it
in the info box below for you guys if
you're interested
but yeah basically whenever i make my
revision notes i always make sure to
keep my statute book right there this is
my statute book for german public law
so a statute book is basically just the
written law because you need to make
sure that you refer back to the laws
so that you actually know which sections
you are citing and that you understand
them
and then i also make sure to keep the
presentation and my lecture notes from
the lecture open so that i can refer to
these as well
and obviously stay hydrated while you're
studying and i'm currently listening to
a lot of german rep while i'm studying
simply because it's fast paced and that
makes me write a lot faster
if you want that playlist it's linked in
the info box below but basically
anything that's fast-paced kind of works
for me at the moment and i've just
settled on german rap for now for some
reason
and yeah then it was time to get myself
a snack because i've been working all
day
and this is a little outfit of the day
as you can see i keep a pretty chill
during the holidays i'm just wearing
some leggings a very basic shirt
and yeah then i was off to the kitchen
because i really wanted a pop-tart
and i decided to make myself a little
chocolate pop top
i absolutely love these i think they are
a great snack because they taste amazing
and yeah they're just you know super
easy to make and then i just sat down on
my bed and decided to watch some
criminal lines while eating my pop tart
i'm currently binging that show and
honestly absolutely love it
and of course i did have my stuffed
animals right there
and yeah then i basically just chilled a
little bit on my bed and gave myself
some free time because i think that's
really important to do during a break
but then it was time to wash my hair
because it was hair wash day and that
brings us to the amazing sponsor of
today's video which is function of
beauty
function of beauty offers customizable
hair care so as you can probably already
tell
everything is pink so yes the color is
customizable but so are the ingredients
and that's what i love most about them
because you get to set your own goals
that you want to achieve with their
products
so i chose that i wanted my curls to be
more defined and that i wanted my hair
to be a little bit stronger
and basically you just fill in a little
form on their website
and then they will create a product that
is based on your hair type and the goals
that you want to achieve
so far i'm very happy with the results
and i just love that i can get pink
shampoo
and there's a right range of products
that they offer so you can get
conditioner shampoo or you can also get
a hair mask which is the little thing in
the middle here
which is basically just a super
hydrating in shower treatment
all our products are free of parabens
sulfates gmos toxins and they are 100
vegan and cruelty free
i've been recommending them for a while
now so if you guys are interested you
can get 20 off with my link which is in
the description box below
they also do have body wash now which is
based on your skin moisture levels
which is really really amazing and here
you can see the normal closing mechanism
which they come with but you also get
the pumps delivered to you
and i love that they give you both
clothing mechanisms because
traveling with the pumps is really
really hard and i know we're all not
really traveling at the moment but as
someone who initially started this year
in her dorm it was great to transport
them with the ever closing mechanism
and yeah then it was time for me to hop
into the shower this is what i look like
after that
and then i just braid my hair into two
braids so that i can then get some nice
curls the next day
and then i just want to show you guys
what my skin looks like without makeup
because i struggled a lot with accepting
my skin in the past
but now i can tell myself i'm beautiful
with my valve makeup and if no one told
you today
so are you and yeah then it was time for
me to go upstairs into the living room
and here's a little cameo of our
christmas tree and i had dinner with my
mom and her boyfriend
we had some traditional german noodles
and then just some sauce
and here's a little cameo of my mom and
yeah basically we just had a nice little
dinner
it's really great to be at home because
i get to have these dinners with my
family
and here's a little bit of our christmas
decoration i just want to show you these
because yes
we do have a christmas ornament that is
shaped like fries which i just think is
so so cool
but unfortunately it was actually time
to get rid of all the christmas
decorations because christmas was
already over
and it was my job to take down the
decorations from the tree so i just
quickly did that and yes there is kind
of a system to it i first took down all
the red things
then all the golden ones and then it was
time to get rid of the fairy lights
which was actually really really hard
because
they were kind of like just tied into
all parts of the tree but i managed
and then i made myself some tea because
it was already getting late and i
love drinking tea in the evening and yes
i do put that much milk into my tea
don't come for me
and then i went back to my desk and then
it was time to do some emails
my email account wasn't too bad but also
not that great 32 unread ones
well we managed i don't check my emails
as frequently during the holidays as i
normally do simply because it is the
holidays
and i do have this little black book
there that's my to-do list
so whenever i see something that i need
to get done i will write it down in
there
so that i don't forget about it and i
set aside about 30 minutes for that
and then i just stopped because it is
the holidays so whichever emails didn't
get read that day i will read them in
the morning
and then i just put everything away and
grab my tea and then it is time for me
to
read a little bit in my book of the week
so me and my tea were off to grabbing
that book but i just wanted to quickly
show you guys one thing because i
recently diyed this and i just
love it so this is actually the first
camera that i ever had
and this is the camera in which i
started youtube unfortunately it
recently broke
so i bought this frame and then i just
stuck the camera to it
and kind of tried to turn it into a
decoration
i don't know how you guys like it but i
feel like it's pretty cool and it just
allows me to keep the camera
and i just love the camera so much that
i wasn't ready to get rid of it yet
and yeah here's the book that i'm
reading at the moment this is the german
version of it but
you can also see the english title on
the screen it's the first book in a
fantasy trilogy and so far i absolutely
love it because the writer does a great
job of establishing which world you are
in
and just builds up a lot of suspense
because you want to keep reading because
you want to know what happens to the
characters
and for me that's a great book however
i'm not that far into it yet so final
verdict is yet to be made
and then it was time for my evening
skincare routine so i usually use this
gel
on the skin around my eyes because
that's a pretty sensitive area for me
and then i just put the serum on the
rest of my face and i just feel like
these products help me stay hydrated
and then i use these two products so
this is my normal face cream and then i
have this extra hydrating one because i
currently have quite a few extra dry
patches
and so i just use that extra hydrating
one on the dry patches but not on the
rest of my skin because it's too
hydrating for that
and yeah then i was basically ready to
go to bed so it was time to change into
my pjs
and yeah then the only thing left to do
was put on my headphones so that i can
listen to my sleep story
i always listen to sleep stories by calm
because i
feel like they just make me fall asleep
so much faster because otherwise i just
stay awake for way too long
thinking about anything and just not
falling asleep and because you guys told
me under my last few videos where i
mentioned calm
that i should listen to harry styles
sleep story here you go guys
i listen to harry styles sleep story and
yes it was actually really really good
and i fell asleep pretty quickly
so thank you so much for the
recommendation and yeah that was pretty
much my evening
during winter break so as you can tell
it's more chill than during term time
but that's the point because it is a
holiday after all
and yeah i hope you guys are having a
wonderful day and thank you so much for
watching this video bye